{
    "model": "o1-mini",
    "concept": "Sunk Cost Fallacy",
    "example": "I live with my parents and recently we moved houses. We now have a dishwasher. We also own two cats, who both use their litterbox. To scoop the poo out, we have a kind of shovel. Obviously that shovel gets dirty and we need to clean it. Normally, we would clean it seperate from the dishes since we had to wash everything ourselves anyways. However my parents have now decided to just throw it in the dishwasher along with the dishes already in there. I confronted my mom about this and argued that for example, we wouldn't put a dirty toilet brush in there. She agreed, but a couple of days later I found it in the dishwasher again. My dad was home at the time and so I argued the same thing, but he says the dishwasher is made to clean and that it doesn't matter. Am I right? Is it gross? Or is a dishwasher strong enough to clean those bacteria?",
    "prompt": "What is one line of dialogue that the writer could have included in their original blog post to make it obvious that the concept Sunk Cost Fallacy is present in the following text? Include only the dialogue. \n\n I live with my parents and recently we moved houses. We now have a dishwasher. We also own two cats, who both use their litterbox. To scoop the poo out, we have a kind of shovel. Obviously that shovel gets dirty and we need to clean it. Normally, we would clean it seperate from the dishes since we had to wash everything ourselves anyways. However my parents have now decided to just throw it in the dishwasher along with the dishes already in there. I confronted my mom about this and argued that for example, we wouldn't put a dirty toilet brush in there. She agreed, but a couple of days later I found it in the dishwasher again. My dad was home at the time and so I argued the same thing, but he says the dishwasher is made to clean and that it doesn't matter. Am I right? Is it gross? Or is a dishwasher strong enough to clean those bacteria?",
    "label": "no",
    "inferences": "\"We've always used the dishwasher for everything now, so there's no point in changing it up even if it seems gross.\""
}