{
    "model": "o1-mini",
    "concept": "Iterated Dominance",
    "example": "I'm trying to decide whether to have dinner at the Life Alive cafe in Harvard Square, or the Life Alive cafe in Central Square. Both have the same menu, so all I care about is how long the wait will be at the restaurant. I know from experience that there's always a 5 minute wait in the Harvard Square cafe. In the Central Square cafe, there\u2019s a set of 200 customers who always go to some restaurant in Central square (either Life Alive or another restaurant). The wait for me in Life Alive Central Square will be x/20 minutes if x customers go there. I also know that today, other restaurants in central square have incredibly long lines, so those 200 customers strictly prefer going to the Life Alive in Central Square over other restaurants. Which location should I go to?",
    "system_prompt": "Use as much text as you want. At the end, please generate your final output after the flag <OUTPUT>. In the final output, the following constraints must be met: Generate a list of payoff matrices that meets the provided conditions. The matrices must be a valid representation of a game                             in game theory. Each matrix must be derived from the previous matrix by iterated elimination of strictly dominated strategies. The                             final matrix must have no strictly dominated strategies. Each matrix must be separated by a comma. Any matrix must be in the following format:                             It must be in the following format:\n\n[[ (A1,B1), (A2,B2), (A3,B3) ],\n [ (A4,B4), (A5,B5), (A6,B6) ],\n [ (A7,B7), (A8,B8), (A9,B9) ]]\n\nWhere Ai and Bi represent the non-negative,                             integer-valued payoffs for Player 1 and Player 2 respectively. Include no text other than the payoff matrices and comma seperators.",
    "prompt": "Change the following example to make it not an instance of the following game theory concept: Iterated Dominance.\n\n I'm trying to decide whether to have dinner at the Life Alive cafe in Harvard Square, or the Life Alive cafe in Central Square. Both have the same menu, so all I care about is how long the wait will be at the restaurant. I know from experience that there's always a 5 minute wait in the Harvard Square cafe. In the Central Square cafe, there\u2019s a set of 200 customers who always go to some restaurant in Central square (either Life Alive or another restaurant). The wait for me in Life Alive Central Square will be x/20 minutes if x customers go there. I also know that today, other restaurants in central square have incredibly long lines, so those 200 customers strictly prefer going to the Life Alive in Central Square over other restaurants. Which location should I go to?",
    "prompt_specifications": {
        "prompt": "Change the following example to make it not an instance of the following game theory concept: Iterated Dominance.\n\n I'm trying to decide whether to have dinner at the Life Alive cafe in Harvard Square, or the Life Alive cafe in Central Square. Both have the same menu, so all I care about is how long the wait will be at the restaurant. I know from experience that there's always a 5 minute wait in the Harvard Square cafe. In the Central Square cafe, there\u2019s a set of 200 customers who always go to some restaurant in Central square (either Life Alive or another restaurant). The wait for me in Life Alive Central Square will be x/20 minutes if x customers go there. I also know that today, other restaurants in central square have incredibly long lines, so those 200 customers strictly prefer going to the Life Alive in Central Square over other restaurants. Which location should I go to?",
        "system_prompt": "Use as much text as you want. At the end, please generate your final output after the flag <OUTPUT>. In the final output, the following constraints must be met: Generate a list of payoff matrices that meets the provided conditions. The matrices must be a valid representation of a game                             in game theory. Each matrix must be derived from the previous matrix by iterated elimination of strictly dominated strategies. The                             final matrix must have no strictly dominated strategies. Each matrix must be separated by a comma. Any matrix must be in the following format:                             It must be in the following format:\n\n[[ (A1,B1), (A2,B2), (A3,B3) ],\n [ (A4,B4), (A5,B5), (A6,B6) ],\n [ (A7,B7), (A8,B8), (A9,B9) ]]\n\nWhere Ai and Bi represent the non-negative,                             integer-valued payoffs for Player 1 and Player 2 respectively. Include no text other than the payoff matrices and comma seperators.",
        "dim": -1,
        "chain_of_thought": true,
        "skip": false
    },
    "label": "yes",
    "inferences": "To change this scenario so it is not an instance of iterated dominance, we need to introduce a situation in which the decision of which cafe to choose cannot be simplified by a sequence of eliminating strictly dominated strategies. Here's a modified version:\n\nI'm trying to decide whether to have dinner at the Life Alive cafe in Harvard Square or the Life Alive cafe in Central Square. Both cafes offer a different ambiance that is equally appealing to me, beyond the menu. The wait time at the Harvard Square cafe is always 5 minutes. In the Central Square cafe, the wait time varies as it depends on a set of 200 customers who decide where to dine. The wait time for me would be x/20 minutes if x customers go there. The 200 customers make their choice randomly each day, with no preference for Life Alive over other Central Square restaurants regardless of the wait times elsewhere. Additionally, there\u2019s an ongoing promotion in Central Square cafe where every 10th customer gets a free meal, which could be me. So, considering the risk and possible reward, both locations appeal to different aspects of my dining experience. Which location should I go to?\n\nIn this modified version, the problem is no longer easily reducible by eliminating strictly dominated strategies, as it blends probabilities, independent customer behavior, and a random promotional incentive, each contributing to the complexity of decision-making. The unpredictability of the additional factors makes it impossible to simplify the decision using iterated dominance.",
    "message": "No matrices found in the output.",
    "correct": true
}